doc: matter: update existing docs for Wi-Fi (#14)
kkasperczyk-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_configuring_env.rst

In Matter, the commissioning procedure takes place over Bluetooth LE between a Matter accessory device and the Matter controller, where the controller has the commissioner role.
When the procedure has completed, the device should be equipped with all information needed to securely operate in the Matter network.

> During the last part of the commissioning procedure (the provisioning operation), the Matter controller sends the IPv6 network credentials to the Matter accessory device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the last part of the commissioning procedure (the provisioning operation), the Matter controller sends the Thread or WiFi network credentials to the Matter accessory device.
```
While both Thread and WiFi are technologies that IPv6 can use, the security component only exists at the underlying layer, so "IPv6 network credentials" term may be confusing.

As a result, the device can join the IPv6 network and communicate with other IPv6 devices in the network.

To start the commissioning procedure, the controller must get the onboarding information from the Matter accessory device.
The data payload, which includes the device discriminator and setup PIN code, is encoded within a QR code, printed to the UART console, and can be shared using an NFC tag.

Matter development environment setup depends on how you choose to run the Matter controller.

> You can either run it on the same IPv6 network device or run it on a separate device.

Reviewer 2: IMO it's not clear, i.e. what we mean by IPv6 network device.
